So I think that without a discerable direction at work, it's hard to get that drive back. I need an idea of what has to get done and why
its important to really be engaed and invested. Otherwise I'm just kind of putzing around. I think when someone else tells me something
is important and going to be utilzed in xyz way, I can get behind it really easily. I wonder if that's why Maria works the way she does.
She's always been driven, but driven to complete the things other people lay out for her. She doesn't seem driven to complete goals that
she herself set. And who am I to judge? I seem to work the exact same way. When Ezra gave some direction I was all over it. When he didn't,
I kind of floundered. I guess I could work on setting my own goals. The thing is , in the past, I've never been good at completing my own
goals. I tend to go easy on myself, or, paradoxically, too hard on myself, to the point where I feel guilty for not meeting a commitment
that I myself set, and then I want to just straight up quit to avoid the guilt the idea that I have to "catch up". 

I think that I can maybe mitigate this by setting realistic goals, so so that I'm less likely to fail and I'm less overwhelmed, but also
start to hold myself accountable a bit more. Not in the guilt trip way, but just in the sense that I KNOW that lathargy isn't really good 
for me. Taking it easy isn't good for me, because then a I get bored out of my mind. I might want to set a realistic goal, which will be
something I genuinely want to do. Not something I think would look cool to other people. I'll set a goal for something that I want to do,
and when I start to drift from that goal, I won't feel guillty or beat myself up, but remind myself of the need for engagement. I hardly 
ever chase excitement on my own, it's always been something that I got from other people. But I think when I'm feeling bored to this 
degree, I really just need some excitement, engagement, and drive.

Now, that's going to be difficult because, whenever I feel bored, I usually also feel lethargic, and I don't want to do 
anything. So how am I going to beat that? I'm not sure. Maybe just practice is the only way. 

When it comes to goal setting, I want to answer the following questions:

Why is this important to me?
Who will be helped by this?
What has to be done, that I can actually do, to make this happen?
When does this have to be done by? Why does it have to be done at that time?
Where am I going to do this? Seriously? What stuff do I need to bring, where do I bring it?

I guess a good start for beating the lethary and setting a goal is just writing down the answers to those questions. I'm starting
to get used to journaling and taking notes when I feel like I'm too tired to do anything else. It's a small baby step to doing things
again. 

I want to set a small goal for this weekend. I want the goal to be done by this weekend.

Here's the goal:

Read the rest of Laura's book and text her you read it.

This is important because she is my sister and I should support her. No one else has read her book other than her husband,
and he took forever to finish it. Laura seemed really discouraged by the fact that James seemed bored with it. If I can show
her that I read it, and tell her I was interested, it would mean a lot to her, and encourage her to write more.

Laura will be helped by this

I can go home and just chill in my bed and start to read. If I get stir-crazy I can go out and run. I'll want to change into my 
nice shorts as soon as I get home so that I'm ready to get up and go when I want to move around.

I want this to be done by Sunday, so that I can say I read her book in a week. She needs to have it by the 19th, but I would like to give
it back to her much sooner. Plus then it won't be hanging over my head, and I can do my FE stuff worry free.

I'm going to do this in my room, which my nice shorts on, with my almonds. No need to bring anything anywhere.

Okay, what was the smart acronym? 
specifc
measurable
attainable
relevant
time restricted

Make sure it meets those. It might be cool to create a git repository or something and have a designated place write out the answer to 
my goal questions. Each time I create a new goal, I'd have to create a new branch, and then merge it when its complete. 
